Update CHANGELOG for 6.1.4 release (#4136)
sensu/sensu-go: CHANGELOG.md

and this project adheres to [Semantic
Versioning](http://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [6.1.4] - 2020-12-16

### Fixed
- Fixed a bug where the entity API could panic.

> - The agent now respects the HTTP proxy environment variables when using mTLS
> authentication.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The agent now respects the HTTP proxy environment variables when trusted-ca-file is configured.
```
